Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Thank you.
Which floor?
Same as you. asshole.
There's a guy upstairs killing everyone.
What's he saying?
They're killing everyone upstairs!
- The other one?
- It's empty.
- There's nobody in there?
- No.
There he is!
Let's go!
Open it.
I find out that she's hurt.
or you even so much as fucking
touched her. then I'm gonna make you pay.
- Understand?
- I didn't touch her. Holmes.
I swear. Nobody did.
Hailey. It's your uncle. Colton.
You remember me?
I'm here to get you home. sweetheart.
Are you hurt?
No. I'm not hurt.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
Nobody's hurt or touched you in any way?
- No. Please. just get me out of here!
- I told you nobody touched her.
Yeah? And for that. you're gonna
get off easy. Be back in a second.
Okay. We're safe now. All right?
I'm gonna need you to keep
your eyes closed for me. okay?
There's things out there
that you don't need to see.
Okay. now let's go.
Come on. That's it.
Thank you.
Those guys...
why did they take me?
You're gonna have to ask your dad that.
Step-dad.
Yeah. step-dad.
You'll avenge your brother. nephew.
I'm telling you. the fucking gringo
came out of nowhere.
Nobody comes out of nowhere.
I know it wasn't a different cartel.
They would never choose a gringo.
The girl...
- Who was she?
- Our contact's daughter in Nogales.
- Walt Reynolds.
- Yes.
He stole some merchandise
during our last delivery in his ranch.
Victor thought he was stealing
from him. so we took the girl.
They tried to fucked us over.
and we fucked them over.
- And?
- Well. yeah.
Walt stole the package
and said he lost it.
Your nephew knew he was lying.
that's why he told us to take the girl.
To make him suffer.
I think he even liked the girl.
My brother could have
any bitch he wanted.
Why the hell would he care
about some American girl?
I'm just telling you what happened.
He didn't want to let her go.
He wanted to protect her.
And let me guess. The key...
to the room where this girl was...
is also on the chain?
With the drive?
- I don't know.
- "I don't know." Why don't you know?
The fucking gringo must have taken it.
Now he's just a "fucking gringo"? Talk!
I left.
It's all right. Everything is all right.
A soldier never hides
when family and friends are dying!
Hailey!
Mom!
Oh. my God!
Are you all right. sweetheart?
I was so worried about you.
Did they hurt you?
- I'm fine.
- Okay. okay.
Thank you.
I had nowhere else to turn.
I didn't do it for you.
or that asshole husband of yours.
- I did it for her.
- But you still did it. Thank you.
The men who did it to her are gonna
have friends. And they'll be coming. So...
better go get your stuff together.
You chasing bad guys. Dad?
- Trying.
- Well. I know you're doing your best.
Look. Weston. I gotta go. but I'll see you
at the game later tonight. okay?
- I love you.
- I love you too. Dad.
I thought I was the only one dealing
with Victor these days.
Victor is dead.
I'm sorry to hear that. Señor Garcia.
He played roulette. a young man's game.
The bullet won.
Regardless. it seems that Walt Reynolds
may have a house guest.
I would like to speak with him about it.
Yeah. Look. with all due respect.
I can't do this anymore.
You're still receiving
our payments. yes?
- Yeah.
- Well. with all due respect. sheriff.
I am not Santa Claus delivering gifts
without expecting anything in return.
- You know.
- I'm listening.
I want you to go to Walt's place.
But I want you to detain him.
this guest. if he's there.
With Walt and his daughter.
And I'll be down there shortly.
And I will deal with them myself.
Yeah. who is this house guest. anyway?
I'm sending you his picture now.
That's Colt MacReady.
He's Walt's wife's brother.
- You know this man?
- Yes. I do.
He was a soldier. but no one's seen him
around for a few years. He's been on the run.
Well. this gringo killed some of my men.
And my nephew.
I have my own way of delivering justice.
- Uncle Colton?
- Yeah?
I... I have a clean shirt for you.
- Thanks.
- Yeah.
You know. I hardly remember you.
I spent a lot of time overseas.
I remember we went hunting once.
- You remember that?
- Yeah. you shot a deer.
Yeah. That was before your dad died.
- That was before a lot of things.
- Before Walt.
Yeah. well. I didn't exactly
have a lot of options.
There's always options.
Goddamn it. Angela!
I told you
you shouldn't have called him.
You got any idea the shit storm
that's gonna rain down on us now?
I had to do somethin'. Walt.
For all I knew you were in hiding
and you were never comin' back.
And who could blame you. after you
screwed over the people that you did?
What are you talkin' about?
I had everything under control.
You can't even control
your own five senses.
Get in the car! We're leavin'.
They're not goin' anywhere with you.
Yeah? How many people you ghost
trying to get her back here?
They ain't safe here no more.
None of us are!
You listen to me.
My sister and her kid are gonna put you
and this place in the past.
You are never gonna
see 'em again. Understand?
Hey...
Now look... I already gave them back
what they thought I took.
I didn't even think they'd miss it.
I gave it back. they were supposed
to give her back.
Yeah. well. they didn't.
This is all your fault.
Goddamn son of a bitch.
Angela... listen.
I told you I was gonna get her back.
You gotta believe me.
I came back here for you.
For both of you.
So we could all get
the hell out of here!
Goodbye. Walt.
We're goin'. Come on. Hailey.
This ain't right. This is our home.
Well. you should have thought about that
before shackin' up with that son of a bitch.
- How dare you put this on me.
- Like you didn't know? Don't give me that.
You know.
Maybe not everything.
Maybe not the ins and outs. but...
- you ain't stupid.
- Yeah.
With me he found a piece of property
where he could makes some money
- running drugs across the border.
- Yeah.
But without it. we would've lost
this place a long time ago.
Our family put their lives
into this place.
- And you let him run it into the ground.
- What was I supposed to do?
Jim died and Hailey was left
without a father.
God bless him. he was a good man.
But he left me with bills and debts
that I couldn't pay.
And where were you?
Away doing God knows what!
Shit.
Ain't no good ever come from me
talking to the police. Angie.
Ain't no good gonna come
from you talking to these here.
Quick. Hide in there!
Come on! These are cops. not cartel.
I'll take care of this.
All right.
If I don't get back to you. you take Hailey
and you get the hell out of here.
Okay.
Is everything gonna be all right?
Son of a bitch.
- Morning. Angela.
- Jasper.
How's it goin' out here?
Walt around?
- What the hell is all this about. sheriff?
- Well. Walt...
unfortunately it's about I'm gonna
have to put you under arrest.
What? What for?
This is bullshit! I didn't do anything!
Why you stirrin' the pot. Calloway?
Me and you are cool.
I'm afraid there's no gettin' around
this stirrin'. Ain't my call.
All right. Give me your hand. Let's go.
Look. you'll never see my ass again.
all right? Just tell 'em I wasn't here!
Come on.
What exactly brought you
and your boys out here? Sheriff?
- Damn it. Sheriff! Hey. just listen to me!
- Get over here. dammit!
Where's Colt. Angela? Where is he?
I haven't seen my brother in years.
Harboring a fugitive is a hefty crime.
What is it you think Colt did. sheriff?
Well. word is
Walt here hired him to cut down
some people down over in Sonora.
- Hey! I had nothin' to do with that!
- Get him out of here!
- That was all her idea!
They kidnapped my daughter.
Sheriff. they had it comin'.
Wait. Kidnapping?
- Is this true?
- Yeah.
Sheriff. I don't know what the hell's
going on here. but if what she says is true.
we should be gettin' this girl some help
and tryin' to figure this shit out.
Relax. We'll call Dr. Brazus
and have her come down here.
- Calloway...
- You're not the sheriff. Wyatt!
Am I clear?
Don't ever question my authority!
Since when do we give a shit
about what goes on across the line?
Since it trailed its blood back over
into Santa Cruz County. That's when.
And your brother killed a couple
of cops over there to boot.
Then they were dirty if he did.
Colton may be a lot of things.
but he ain't a cop killer.
And you know it. Not for no reason.
Angela... there's warrants out
for Colt's arrest.
Have been. You know that.
But just because I know him. doesn't mean
that I'm gonna stop doin' my job.
I'm the law down here. Now. where is he?
I told you. I ain't seen him.
He's in the bunkhouse!
Colt. he's in the bunkhouse.
He's the one you want. Not me.
Shit.
You asshole.
Listen...
I'm gonna figure out what the hell's
really goin' on here. Somehow. All right?
Come on.
Come on. Let's go.
Stay back here.
keep your heads down. All right?
Yeah.
Colt. it's Jasper Calloway.
It's been a while.
Now... we know you're in there.
We just wanna talk.
Come on. Colt.
Come out with your hands up
and nobody else has to get hurt.
including you!
Colt. this is your final warning.
I'm comin' to you as a friend.
All right. Wyatt. Logan...
go in there and drag his ass out.
What his sister said was true.
He won't try and kill you.
Angela's first husband.
he used to be sheriff.
Him and Colt were close.
Cop killing ain't his thing.
Not if you ain't done dirt.
Is that why we're here. sheriff?
He's gonna kill you?
Wyatt. why don't you just do
your job. and I'll do mine?
Look. please don't hurt him!
He saved my life.
They're the one's who should
worry about getting hurt.
I got this. You cover the right.
Come on. let's go in.
Colt! Don't make me shoot!
Mom!
No! Don't shoot! Get him back... alive.
Go!
We're gonna get him!
- Where the hell is he?
- Just keep lookin'.
Over there! Don't lose him.
Now I got ya.
There you are.
What would you have done
if somebody'd taken your boy? Jasper?
I would have called the police.
Let's go.
Your phone. please.
Can't we at least cut some kind
of deal here now. Calloway?
I mean. we technically both been
working for the same spics. right?
I already made my deal. Walt.
Calloway. come on. man.
I gave you Colt. I just wanna go.
We all make deals.
Well. can you at least tell
Señor Garcia when he gets here
that I tried to help catch
the guy that 86'd his men?
Can you do that?
Will you at least do that for me?
Shut up. Walt.
Come in. boys. Did you get him yet?
We're working on it. Calloway.
We're on his ass!
What's really happening here. Jasper?
Sometimes we just get in over our heads.
We all have a part to play. Angela.
Whether we like it or not.
Shit.
- I'm gonna shoot his tires!
- Okay. What the hell are you waitin' for?
The tires. damn it! Not the window!
Where'd the hell he go?
So. does Walt have a house guest?
MacReady took off
toward them hills back there.
My deputies are in pursuit as we speak.
This hombre killed some
of my best soldiers. sheriff.
A few of your guys
might just not cut it.
Reina. go with Cruz...
and find the gringo.
Señor Garcia. sir.
I just want to apologize.
See. I didn't have nothin'
to do with any of this.
This's all my wife's doin'. This all
just been some big misunderstanding.
Apology accepted. Reynolds...
if you could tell me about the drive
my nephew Victor wore around his neck.
What?
Okay. You go this way.
I'm gonna go that.
Get out.
Don't cry. don't cry. Please.
So beautiful. so cute.
I can see why my nephew went so crazy.
Don't you touch her!
- Please don't hurt us.
- Oh. no. no. no. no. Don't make me.
Listen. listen. listen. Let's talk.
I'm sorry my nephew has taken you. okay?
I'm sorry.
It's not something I ever would've
allowed if I'd ever known.
I put Victor in charge
for a reason. though.
He's very smart most of the time.
I trusted him.
I had him keep this chain
around his neck.
You're safe now.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
The one with the flash drive?
So you have seen it.
It's... not something
that everyone wears.
Where? Do you know where it is?
It's okay.
No.
If somebody has the drive...
is MacReady.
Take them to the house.
That's the gringo.
Freeze!
You ever shot anybody before?
Drop it! Drop the gun!
Cruz?
- We got him.
- You know what to do...
Find out if he has it. if he doesn't...
Kill him.
My pleasure.
- Friends of yours?
- I don't got no fuckin' friends!
Hey. gringo! We just want the drive!
What the hell's he talkin' about?
What is that?
I don't know.
All right. they got to high ground.
We gotta move.
Wait... what about my partner?
Your partner's dead. You stay here.
you're gonna be dead. too.
- You killed my brother.
- Yeah?
And I'm gonna kill you.
you little bitch. Let's go!
Cruz?
Cruz. can you hear me? Cruz?
I haven't been able
to raise my deputies either.
Lobo... you and Aguilar.
take one of the vehicles
and see if you can find Cruz.
Yes. Jefe. Let's go.
This man. Colt...
you said you knew him.
Yeah. He saved my life once. years ago.
I drove my car into a pond.
he saw it. pulled me out.
You ran your car into a pond
because you'd been drinking all day.
But you said he was wanted? For what?
He was a soldier. A highly
decorated one at that. but...
he was a loose cannon.
He went crazy in Iraq.
put his superior officer
in the hospital.
They tried to jail him for it.
He's been on the run ever since.
My brother disobeyed an order that
would've disgraced him and his uniform.
Something you clearly
know nothing about.
He gave them everything.
And they just turned their back on him.
He's a gun for hire.
Armed robberies. abductions...
Sometimes gets paid
to kick people's asses.
He's a low life drifter.
Stays off the path.
impossible to track.
no real possessions. so...
nothin' he can't walk away from.
Nothing he can't walk away from?
My brother's comin' back for us.
He's gonna kill all of you.
- That's him!
- That's the gringo.
Kill him.
The girls back at the house...
they still alive?
The drive. what's on it?
Everything.
Everything: Names. bank accounts.
stash house locations.
The drive's the only place
the information exists.
It's the only way Garcia can find them.
Wyatt. Logan. do you copy?
Wyatt. Logan. come in.
Still no word from my men. They're probably
out there lying dead somewhere
- because of all this.
- Soldiers die. sheriff.
They're not your soldiers.
They were cops!
And they were here because of you.
What did you think was going to happen?
I didn't have a choice.
But you had to consider the possibility.
Look. I told you. I don't wanna be
a part of this anymore.
I've done all I can here. haven't I?
The girls. you've got them.
They're not going anywhere.
Surely your "soldiers"
can take it from here.
I'd say you earned
your salary today. yes.
Yeah.
Forever.
How's your kid these days?
You don't just walk away
from a guy like me. sheriff.
We'll take care of things on our end.
You just do your part.
Figure out how to clean up
your mess like you always do.
Jefe!
Get up!
Bring her too.
Gringo! Gringo!
I know you're out there!
If you don't come out. I will kill them!
- He's gonna kill us anyway!
- Shut up!
This is your last chance!
If you don't come out.
I will kill your niece!
- Like you killed my nephew!
- No!
Okay!
Colt!
- You want the drive. right?
- You have it?
Maybe.
Hold your position.
I don't know what this gringo
is capable of.
Where is it?
They go first!
If you do have it. we could kill you where
you stand and then rip it off your corpse!
You're not in a position to negotiate.
If... I have it.
You better be sure first.
Ortiz.
The drive.
Get back. get back!
- Thanks for coming back.
- Don't thank me yet.
They killed Walt!
If they hadn't. I would've!
Ramos. Pablo. go around back.
- Why don't we burn the house down?
- No. no. The drive could get damaged.
Angie! They're coming
around the back. Get upstairs!
Go!
- We need to try calling someone for help!
- Who are we gonna call?
- The cops already know!
- We could call State Police!
We can't! Colt has warrants.
Colt is not the bad guy here. Mom!
Not today.
We're in the house.
Cease fire. Our men are in the house.
- 911. what's your emergency?
- We need help!
I need you to send the State Police to 1165
North Angling Road as fast as you can!
- Please stay on the line.
- No. no! Wait. wait. wait...
Sorry. I couldn't make it out
to your game today. buddy.
- It's okay. Dad.
- There was...
Don't worry. Dad.
I know you're working hard.
and I know you're doing it
because you love me.
- How'd you do?
- I did really...
- Come in. Calloway.
- ...losing at first. but when I got up...
I'm gonna have to call you back.
Weston. Okay?
Okay. Dad. Bye. I love you!
Bye. son.
- What do you got. Chelsea?
- Hey. sheriff. Sorry.
I tried callin' Wyatt and Logan first
but couldn't get neither to answer.
Yeah. I sent 'em out on an errand.
They're probably out of cell range.
Well. I got a call from the MacReady
place out on Angling again.
She's sayin' something
about needin' some help.
- What else'd she say?
- Well. that's it.
She sounded pretty rattled though.
Zavala. get the woman.
Yeah. well. you know
how they get out there.
Walt's probably been drinkin'.
that's all.
Hold on. sheriff. Just a minute.
I'm hearin' gunshots.
This doesn't sound like
a domestic dispute no more.
She said she wants to talk to the Staties.
but the Reynolds is your domain.
What do you want me to tell her?
Sheriff?
Yeah. tell 'em I'll be right out there.
Ms. Reynolds. stay calm.
Help is on the way.
- They're coming!
- Okay. Okay.
Sheriff? The line went dead.
Mom!
Ramos?
Pablo?
Ramos! Pablo! Come in!
Go inside the house!
They're comin'!
Stay low!
They're trapped upstairs.
- You got ammo?
- No.
- You're hit.
- I'm all right. I'm so sorry.
This is all my fault.
I just wanted something better for her.
But I could end up getting us all...
No! No. Ain't nobody gettin'
killed here today but them.
You understand me? Yeah?
Hey. gringo!
I just want the drive!
Fuck you!
What the hell is on this thing
that he wants it so bad?
Records. Bank accounts.
I don't know. drug dealer shit.
- The roof. Go. Get out of here. Just go.
- What about you?
Don't you worry about me.
I'll keep 'em occupied.
No. I already called the State Police!
They're on their way right now.
It'll already be too late.
Just get out of here. Go!
Get out of here! Now!
Go. Just go. Go!
Just go. Angie. Go.
Shoot the roof.
Mom.
Go! Go!
Move!
Make sure you don't let them go.
- Goddamn.
- Walt said he fixed it last week.
Come on.
Hold it!
Drop the gun. Drop it!
Out. Out!
I only need one of you.
You never should have threatened my son.
Where's the drive?
Colt.
Cuff yourselves.
Go on.
Hey!
Your choice.
I love you. Dad.
Maybe you can do somethin' with this.
- State Police.
- About time.
Ain't no good ever come from me
talkin' to the police. Ang.
Then ain't no good gonna come
from you talking to these here.
Hey. Colt...
Don't be such a stranger anymore.
You two take care.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today